hello I'm Hannah from Emma Marshall
catering and today I'm going to show you
a lovely recipe
I'm going to show you how to make a
vegetable noodle soup it's got lots of
lovely Thai flavors in it including
lemongrass and it's got coconut milk in
it to start with I'm going to get my
blender and I'm going to put the
coriander in it i'm going to use
coriander stalks and i'm going to use
the leaves for actually garnishing it
later i'm just going to chop the
lemongrass now when you use lemon grass
you want to make sure that you take off
at least two or three layers of the
outside of the stalks to take away the
woody parts and you just left the be
inside I've got red chilli and I am
using a large red chilli if you want it
hotter you can add extra red chili or if
you want it really hot you could leave
the seeds in I've removed the seeds for
this one and I've also got garlic and
ginger so this all goes into my little
blender finally into my blender I'm
going to add a little bit of water to
loosen it up and now I'm going to blend
it I'm now going to take my pace I'm
going to put it into my pan and I'm
going to add a tablespoon of oil ground
natural vegetable oil and I'm going to
cook that for five minutes just release
all the aromas to this mixture I'm going
to add my turmeric and my ground
coriander I'm now going to add the
vegetable stock so I'm going to leave
this mixture now to simmer for 5 minutes
uncovered if you are going to use dry
noodles it's best to do this at this
point if you follow the instructions on
the back of your rice noodles you will
see how to actually prepare them so now
I'm going to add my tin of coconut full
fat coconut milk i'm using
and I'm going to bring that back to the
boil I'm going to turn that down and let
that simmer and when that's simmered for
a few minutes I'm then going to get some
stir-fry vegetables and have and add a
big handful of third five edge into my
soup to the soup I'm now going to add my
fish sauce and my line this is very much
according to taste so if you prefer it a
little bit sharper you can always add a
bit more lime at the end were little bit
more fish sauce if you prefer saltier so
the best thing to do is to add the
quantity i suggested and then adjust it
according to taste at the end now we add
our noodles at the end so I'm going to
put my noodles into my suit and once
those of cooked through and a hot I'm
going to label it into a bowl you can
also do this noodle soup with chicken or
porn it's delicious with both so you can
have a variety of different things in it
and to finish I'm just going to garnish
it with a little bit of finely chopped
coriander and that's how to make
vegetable noodle soup
you